Add community page for SEO. (#741)
Polymer/lit-element: docs/_guide/community.md

---
layout: guide
title: Community
slug: community
---

{::options toc_levels="1..3" /}
* ToC
{:toc}

There are many great resources and locations to learn about LitElement and web components,
share what you've built, and more. All community participation is subject to the Polymer Project's
<a href="https://github.com/Polymer/project/blob/master/Code_of_Conduct.md">Code of Conduct</a>—be
excellent to each other!

*   <strong>Join us on <a href="https://polymer-slack.herokuapp.com/">Slack</a>!</strong> 

>     Polymer Slack has thousands of users discussing LitElement, web components, and related topics.

Reviewer: Instead of "Polymer Slack", how about "the Polymer Project Slack workspace"?

Reviewer 2: Or "the Polymer Project Slack"?

Author: Yeah. I was trying to enable find-in-page here, but I think the longer description is better & web search for "polymer slack" should find this just fine. Will update.

Author: Fixed this. Used the longer form. Also updated to the official slack invite link, same as the footer icon (had the old invite page here).

    Check out <code>#general</code>, <code>#beginners</code>, or
    <code>#tools</code> to get started.

*   Follow us on <a href="https://twitter.com/polymer">Twitter</a>
    for the latest on web components and the Polymer Project. Many
    of our team members can be found tweeting about LitElement, lit-html, 
    and the latest developments in the web platform.

*   The <a href="https://groups.google.com/forum/?fromgroups=#!forum/polymer-dev">polymer-dev</a>
    mailing list is great for long-form questions and discussion on any of the libraries, polyfills, or 
    standards the the Polymer Project works on.

> *   On <a href="https://stackoverflow.com/tags/polymer">StackOverflow</a> use

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*   On <a href="https://stackoverflow.com/tags/lit-element">StackOverflow</a> use
```

>     the <code>lit-element</code>, <code>lit-html</code>, or <code>shadow-dom</code>

Reviewer 2: I'd go with web-component or nothing. Also these should be links.

>     the <code>lit-element</code>, <code>lit-html</code>, or <code>shadow-dom</code>

Author: Sure. Yeah, it feels weird. So, when I searched before, I couldn't find any tags for web-component or custom-element, and I figured that was because people mostly had questions on shadow DOM.

Turns out I was just wrong. So I'd be inclined to say: Use the `lit-element` or `lit-html` tags. (You can also find questions and answers on the underlying web platform technologies using the `web-component`, `custom-element` and `shadow-dom` tags.)

This latter bit would only be on the LitElement page, of course.

>     the <code>lit-element</code>, <code>lit-html</code>, or <code>shadow-dom</code>

Reviewer 2: I think including `web-component` is good, just to reinforce that some questions might not be lit-element specific.

>     the <code>lit-element</code>, <code>lit-html</code>, or <code>shadow-dom</code>

Author: Fixed.
